All right we'll come back with your students.
So it's tough for us to keep working on the day part of our application.
All right so we don't need to actually do anything with that data coming back.
To be honest with you at this moment maybe later on we'll do it and we'll probably you know put some
type of notification saying something like OK your record is being updated or something like that.
You're welcome to do whatever you want with the data coming back.
But basically we are sending a POST request to for something to happen not to get it back but if we
do that's ok we can do something else with it.
But anyway let's actually create that functionality from BHB where we update our records.
All right.
So we have this here this boilerplate already.
So what do we want.
Well we want to pool couple request post requests right.
We want to pool the idea that's coming in right from the pool super global and we'll just say ID here.
And we want to pool the title
here.
So we wanted those two Their Let's actually make like this and we go.
All right so now let's create a query real quick and let's just say we want to update cars right.
That's our table and set the title equal to what the title that we got right here right.
Right.
Make sure that you put some single quotes around it because this is a string.
And and you see me doing this curly brackets sometimes and this is just to do.
This is personal habit.
This is just a do complex operation like if you want to put a tray or something like that.
And in double cords you can or variable's is just a personal reference and makes no difference.
In this case.
All right.
So title where ID equals the ID right and that's an integer.
So we don't need the Kools.
Sometimes this will create a problem but I think we are good to go now.
All right and remember this is coming from where Name Puts right remember what I told you about that
we need to.
It would be nice to clean in those fields.
We don't want our application to be hacked or something like that.
And Title
this and will we can do that with the search also as well when we are refactoring our application will
start you know making everything a little tighter.
Mortality right.
So right now we just send the update query and we can just call this resultset because that's what it
is.
All right.
And my ask you a lie where he was send in that connection and we'll send in the query.
Now we can of course test it so we can see if not and we can make a little function for that.
But this is not a Ph.D. course so you already know how to do that.
We just kill the whole thing there if it doesn't work
where we failed and we can attach a little error here.
My rescue
Eskew a lie.
Sarah
All right.
It's fine.
So in the next lecture we'll we'll go over this a little bit.
Find out we have any mistakes and we'll check it out.
All right.
So you're welcome to try it right now and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care.
See you then.